Benchmark size: 113
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
settimg unsure true
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: True
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: True
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
going to check sentence unsure: False
=========== Calculating for basic_H1
predicted size: 279
basic_H1, intersection size = 52
basic_H1, recall=0.6666666666666666
basic_H1, precision=0.1863799283154122
=========== Calculating for H1_H2_1
predicted size: 92
H1_H2_1, intersection size = 20
H1_H2_1, recall=0.2564102564102564
H1_H2_1, precision=0.21739130434782608
=========== Calculating for H1_H2_2
predicted size: 31
H1_H2_2, intersection size = 6
H1_H2_2, recall=0.07692307692307693
H1_H2_2, precision=0.1935483870967742
=========== Calculating for H1_H2
predicted size: 123
H1_H2, intersection size = 26
H1_H2, recall=0.3333333333333333
H1_H2, precision=0.21138211382113822
=========== Calculating for H1_H2_H3
predicted size: 116
H1_H2_H3, intersection size = 26
H1_H2_H3, recall=0.3333333333333333
H1_H2_H3, precision=0.22413793103448276
=========== Calculating for H1_H2_H3_H4
predicted size: 111
H1_H2_H3_H4, intersection size = 26
H1_H2_H3_H4, recall=0.3333333333333333
H1_H2_H3_H4, precision=0.23423423423423423
=========== Calculating for H1_H2_H3_H4_H5
predicted size: 109
H1_H2_H3_H4_H5, intersection size = 26
H1_H2_H3_H4_H5, recall=0.3333333333333333
H1_H2_H3_H4_H5, precision=0.23853211009174313
